notes time
------

The game is split between physical actions and hacking actions

Physical actions benefit from physical skills
Examples of physical actions:
  -committing crimes
  -infiltrating companies

Physical skills (combat skills going forward) raise your chances
of success in committing crimes or performing infiltrations

Performing these actions will raise the relevant combat skills
Crimes earn money, and infiltrations can either earn money or
faction reputation.



The Augmentations & Reset Systems

The game has both a soft and a hard reset system.

The soft reset system involves purchasing augmentations and later
installing them. Every additional augmentation you buy will
exponentially increase the cost of further augmentations until you install
them.

Augmentations are useful in a lot of different ways. Most of them do
simple things like raise stat multipliers or the rate at which you increase
stat/s. Some of them do more interesting things, such as the CashRoot Starter
Kit which starts you off with 1 million credits instead of 1,000.

Hard Resets are a little bit of a spoiler. At the end of a run, you lose all of
your augmentations and can choose a new, uh, game mode. Finishing an entire
game mode can net far more interesting upgrades, such as the ability to
automate physical tasks via ingame scripting instead of strictly hacking tasks.
Other things include the ability to start a corporation, run a gang, and others.

----

Hacking

Servers that aren't your own are useful for only two things:
  -Running Scripts
  -Supplying you with do$h

They are protected by a 5 port system. Running any of the ".exe" programs
instead of scripts are pretty much just for opening these ports and then
gaining admin privileges. This is done automatically upon running these
programs. The first two are relatively inexpensive, but later ones
get pretty damn pricy. As soon as you have enough ports open, simply
run Nuke.exe, which grants the ability to run programs on that computer.

Important actions

There are three main things to do on computers you don't own if you don't
want to get creative
  -hack
  -grow
  -weaken

These commands, which can be implemented as functions within scripts, play a
three part dance, and correctly deciding when to perform the actions can lead
to significantly higher proceeds.

  -Hacking steals a percentage of the money contained within the server.

  -Grow will raise the amount of money within a server. The growth rate is
    exponential, so knowing when to grow or hack is important.
    (Usually, just to prevent having to run different scripts later in the
    game, I will compare the amount of money on the target server with the
    money on my home server, so that if I'm low on funds the script will
    hack more often and grow less)

  -Weaken is used to lower the security of the target server. Higher security
    levels will decrease the chance of successfully hacking the target server.
    This malus is counteracted by having a higher hacking level.

Servers have a number of other traits. They have an amount of RAM available,
they can have .lit files which often have game lore hidden in them, they
have whatever programs are residing within them (usually as a result of
copying them over, the one exception I can think of being the "final" server).
They also have a list of other computers they're connected to, which can
be recursively extended to search for other computers that aren't directly
connected to the target server. Most of this information can be read by
NetScript functions, which are listed on the wiki.



RAM

RAM is used to run scripts. Larger scripts use more RAM. Multiple copies of
scripts can be ran on a machine at any time, which includes the ability
hack/grow/weaken many, many times faster than doing it manually.
The best way to decide how many copies of a script can be ran on a server
is to divide the amount of free RAM available on a server with the amount
of RAM a script takes, both of which can be easily obtained with NetScript
functions (all of them are neatly listed in the games docs)
